note that task instance, dag and lifecycle listeners are non-experimental (#36376)
mistercrunch/Airflow: newsfragments/1234.significant.rst

> Since Airflow 2.9.0, following Listener API methods are not considered experimental anymore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following Listener API methods are considered stable and can be used for production system (were experimental feature in older Airflow versions):
```

No need to mention the 2.9.0 version. It will be part of 2.9.0 changelog
